# python-film-scheduling

1.	Introduction:
Film production is a sophisticated process, for it should take into account detailing of scripts and scenes, selection and designation of actors and actresses, budget planning and so forth. Among these challenging tasks, budget planning is one of the decisions for which quantitative approaches can be deployed.
Each scene has an estimated shooting time and every shooting day has a capacity limit on allowed operating hours. If we can shoot all scenes in as less work days as possible, then we can minimize the operating cost of the shooting process. Since actors are required by different scenes, they may not complete the scenes they are involved in contiguous days. Therefore, the problem concerning the holding cost of actors and actresses arises. Scenes require different actors, and actors have their individual holding costs. So we consider not only the relationship between scenes and work days, we also have to take into account the relationship between scenes and actors. 
These considerations together make the problem more complicated to handle. If we just assign the scenes so as to minimize the number of shooting days, the total holding cost of the actors and actresses could be unacceptable. On the other hand, minimizing actors’ waiting time decreases the holding cost, but in the meantime may increase the number of shooting days. On top of these issues, to get a minimum cost shooting plan, we should incorporate the number of shooting days and the holding cost of the actors and actresses so as to attain the minimum total cost.

2.	Summary:
This paper proposed and formulated a generalized talent scheduling problem (TS-DC) by taking into account the daily operating capacity. The decision involves allocation of scenes into work days, subject to the capacity constraints, and scheduling of the active work days. The cost function is concerned about the retention cost of actors and the operating cost of the filming plan. They formulated an integer linear programming model of the studied problem. 
As the problem is known to be computationally challenging, they adopted approximation approaches to produce near-optimal schedules. The well-known NF algorithm and FFD algorithm were used to allocate the scenes into work days. The initial solutions are then improved by a dynamic programming algorithm, an ILS algorithm, and a TS algorithm. The meta-heuristic approach (ILS and TS) can result in impressive solution qualities due to the improving solutions given by NF and FFD. Thus, they are effective for this problem and the results of the computational experiments also indicate this situation. The improvement attained by the dynamic programming algorithm is also good but not as significant as ILS and TS. 
These observations reflect that the difficulties in solving the TS-DC problem lies in not only scene allocation but also work day scheduling. Moreover, the neighborhood structures of ILS and TS are constructed by scene movements among work days. The structures reflect the needs arising from allocation as well as scheduling.

3.	Critique:
The method in this paper is clear and effective. If there are seven actors and eight scenes to run the integer linear programming model, it just costs less than 1 seconds. Additionally, they develop many approximate approaches to handle the large scale of data. Even we have to schedule fifty actors and fifty scenes, it just costs about 3 seconds to find its optimal solution.
However, the meta-heuristic, like ILS and TS, are just briefly mentioned. Therefore, it is hard to realize the algorithms. Also, when we use tabu search to schedule the scenes, it may make the actual working days reduce. This will be a sophisticated approach to handle.

4.	Conclusion:
This paper made many contributions to talent scheduling. Moreover, they introduce the dynamic programming to solve the problem in other paper. In this paper, TALENT HOLD COST MINIMIZATION IN FILM PRODUCTION, the author use dynamic programming, maximum weighted matching and maximum weighted 3-grouping to find the lower bound. It made the dynamic programming method introduced more clearly. Finally, we can use branch and bound to find the optimal solution.
